This is Katie Otto.
I am confirming that
the gender reveal cake
will be ready for
pick-up this afternoon.
Thank you.
Gender reveal cake?
When you cut into it, the
filling is either pink or blue
to announce if the baby
is a boy or a girl.
Aww, that's adorable!
It's obnoxious.
Have some class, and find out
the old-fashioned way...
look at its junk when it
comes out of your body.
Anna-Kat, stop!
Give me back my phone, you little...
Taylor, don't you dare!
I'm the only one in this house
who is allowed to swear.
- See?
- She was in my room,
and she stole my phone again!
She was on my Instagram,
liking my posts!
Now, people think I'm
liking my own posts!
Do you know how embarrassing that is?!
Do you realize you only
have two voices...
normal and... "My
parachute's not opening!"
Stop taking Taylor's phone.
Maybe she would stop if
she had her own phone.
She's not getting a phone.
No one in this house gets a
phone until they are 14.
But every year, on your birthday,
you say that age is just a number
that means absolutely nothing.
Greg...
No phone for you.
Thanks, honey.
She had me boxed in.
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
What kind of watch are you looking for?
A knock-around one I can
wear with sneakers...
mid-five-figures, tops.
My friend at Numble told
me they're about to patent
a new optical fiber technology.
The news doesn't break until next week,
so if you put down a little now,
it'll be worth a fortune on Monday.
Hey, I just overheard those
guys talking about a stock tip.
If I invest what I've saved from
working at Tuscadero's Pizza,
I could make some serious money.
Amigo, you can't trust random guys
to have legitimate information
about the market.
Hold up. Prada suits, Gucci Oxfords,
and their hair pomades have
hold but a matte finish.
They check out.
The problem is, I'm not 18,
which means I can't open a
brokerage account on my own.
I'll need my parents' help.
I remember when I got my
first brokerage account.
I called it my "bwo-bwo."
I know. I was adorable.
No. No, you weren't.
I just want them to stop fighting.
Anna-Kat keeps taking Taylor's phone,
which is driving her crazy,
which is driving me crazy.
So, get her her own phone.
I got them for all my kids
so they'd leave me alone.
My baby calls Siri "Mama".
Okay, that's bananas.
Phones are an epidemic with kids today.
They destroy their social skills
and distort their self-worth.
I'm with Angela.
And research shows that they also stunt
- brain development.
- 100%.
That's why I sometimes
communicate with my kids
silently through meditation.
You always do that.
You get me in the car with you,
we are heading to the same destination,
and then, you just veer
right off a cliff.
If you don't want Anna-Kat
obsessing over a phone,
then maybe get off yours.
Lead by example.
You know I don't do that.
Oh, don't worry.
Mama's coming.
Bananas.
Hey, Dad.
Hey, Oliver.
I was wondering if you'd help
me open a brokerage account.
- I don't see why not.
- Great.
I want to put all my money
into a company called Numble.
Well, have you done your research?
I overheard this Wall Street
guy talking about it.
He had inside information.
It's a sure thing.
Oliver, inside information
is the same thing as insider
trading, and that's illegal.
Illegal or frowned upon?
Illegal!
And there's no way I will
allow you to do that.
What did you just say?
Nothing.
No, if you have something to
say, you say it to my face.
Just because you're okay living
like the "before" picture
in "Extreme Makeover Home Edition"
doesn't mean you should expect me to.
I'm not asking you to not have ambition,
but I expect you to be honest.
Fine. You've never taken one chance.
You've always played it safe,
and look where it's got you.
I take risks every day.
Brown belt, black shoes...
that takes guts.
Why am I talking to you?
You're color-blind.
I'm finally fed up with him.
Even if our theory is true
that we brought the wrong
kid home from the hospital,
we still had 15 years to fix him.
It's starting to look
like this is on us.
I'm super-busy right now.
Can this just be on you?
You said you had an easy day and
only had to pick up a cake.
I forgot I told you that.
I yell at him... That doesn't work.
I try to lead by example... He
thinks I'm a cautionary tale.
Leading by example is a
huge pain in the ass.
Before you know it, you are
serving fruit for dessert
like a damn animal.
I just don't know how I'm
gonna get through to him.
Well, maybe you have to
try something different.
Whatever you normally would
do, do the opposite.
Huh.
Mom, I need you!
Any chance she's calling
me up there for a hug?
Or to show you her finished homework?
Or to offer insightful commentary
about a book she just read?
Mom!
Hey.
You know your scenario where
you run away to Mexico?
I'm going with you.
Okay.
But I'm going to need my
sexual freedom down there.
Fine.
But then my fanny pack and
ponytail are back on the table.
Mom!
What is it!
Anna-Kat's been going through my things,
and she stole my phone again!
- I want it back.
- Relax.
There is an easy way to find it.
Huh.
I found Taylor's phone.
And I changed your wallpaper.
Look, it's me waving.
Hi.
Mom, you need to get her her own phone!
For the 100th time,
that is not happening.
Then I have a better idea.
Buy me a phone, and Anna-Kat
can have my old one.
Everyone wins.
When I was your age, there
were no cellphones,
and I was better for it.
I went out into the
world, talked to people,
got strangers to buy me
beer outside 7-Eleven.
It was an all-American childhood.
Look at you now.
You use your phone as much as anyone.
But I don't need to.
You couldn't survive a
single day without it.
Is that what you think?
It's what I know.
Crap, I guess I have to lead by example.
I should've just bred dogs.
Okay. How about this...
If I can go until tonight
without using my phone,
then there will be no
more talk of Anna-Kat
getting a phone until
I decide it's time.
And if you use your phone,
you have to buy me a new one,
and Anna-Kat gets my old one.
You got it.
But I'm going phone-free,
then you are, too.
You can't do that to me!
How will I know what's
happening in the world?!
By opening your eyes and
participating in it.
Disgusting.
And to make sure that you don't cheat,
you are coming with me to pick
up the cake for the baby shower.
This is so not fair!
You know what's not fair? What
you kids did to this body!
I'm 9, Mom.
You can't blame me for that
anymore. At some point,
you have to start taking
some responsibility.
Never.
See, you made it here without using GPS.
Am I the only one who noticed
we drove past our own house twice?
Okay. I'm gonna go pick up the cake,
and then walk it to the restaurant
where the baby shower is.
You two just hang out on Main Street.
I'll meet you back here in an hour.
How are we supposed to
contact you if we need you?
For thousands of years,
when kids were away from their parents,
they met at an agreed-upon time.
But how will I know what time it is?
- A clock?
- Disgusting.
I should've known my
dad wouldn't help me.
I wish I could offer some advice,
but I have no experience in
not getting what I want.
My dad's holding my
financial future hostage.
He doesn't understand me.
I wish I could talk to someone who does.
Wait.
Maybe I can.
What's that?
Spencer's lawyer gave
me these after he died.
Spencer, the rich old guy
who lived across the street
with the great tan and
the amazing laugh?
Ha-ha-ha!
Spencer was the best.
He made these tapes to give me advice
for every conceivable life situation.
There must be something on these tapes
that will help me.
So, Ollie boy, here's
how you hide your money
when the Feds are onto you.
Interesting.
So, Ollie boy, here's what you do
when you sweat so much
while you're dancing
you can't take off your leather pants.
Ha-ha-ha.
Ollie boy, this might not apply to you,
but here's how you win
back Daryl Hannah.
So, Ollie boy,
you're wondering how much to tip
your human sushi tray.
Ollie boy, this is how you
make your first million.
This is the one I was looking for.
If you're watching this, my gut tells me
you're sitting on something good.
And if that's true,
do whatever you have to
do to get the job done.
Be ruthless.
Feel free to call my
lawyer, Linda Ramirez.
Now, she knows how to get things done.
And if you're over 21, she's
fun to have a drink with.
Ha-ha.
I knew Spencer would
have the perfect advice.
Would you mind if we circled
back to that Daryl Hannah tape?
What?
You're not curious?
Hi.
I'm here to pick up a cake.
Okay. I'll just need your
confirmation number.
Oh, sure.
It's in my phone, which
I don't have on me.
That's all right. I can
look it up in the system.
- What's your name?
- Katie Otto.
Here it is.
Now, if I could just see some ID.
Left my wallet in the car.
Can you just take my word for it?
I'm kind of in a hurry.
I'm afraid not.
It's against company policy.
It's called Bernice's Cakes.
You're Bernice.
It's your policy.
I can't break my own policy.
How would that look to my employees?
You're the only one here!
I used to bring my dog to work,
but the guy from the health
department got all in a tizzy!
I'm gonna go get my ID.
Anything else you need, Bernice?
Fingerprints, blood samples?
You want me to pee in a cup?
Restrooms are for employees only.
Company policy.
I really don't like you, Bernice.
I got mint chip.
Want to try it before I'm done?
Is this thing on?
This is the worst.
I can't take a photo of
my ice cream and post it.
I mean, what's the point
of just eating it?
_
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Okay. Spencer's lawyer said my
best option is to emancipate.
What exactly does that mean?
They give up their parental rights,
and then, I'm legally an adult.
Then, I can spend money
on whatever stock I want.
And once you're legal,
you can take us to Enterprise
and rent us a Corolla.
You have, like, 15 Maseratis.
Why would you want to rent a car?
Sometimes, it's just fun
to live like a normie.
That's what I call you guys.
Yeah, I got that. Thank you.
It says here, in order to emancipate,
your parents have to sign off on it.
Or you could take them to
court, and let a judge decide.
Okay.
Like Spencer said,
I have to do whatever I have to do.
Be ruthless.
You want to know how I
made my first million?
I can't imagine I want to hear this.
I beat my dad in mini-golf when I was 6.
Damn it. Taylor's got the keys.
And I don't have my phone!
You know what? I'll just find them.
Excuse me, did you happen to
see my daughters walk by?
A blonde about this tall and
a brunette about this tall?
- Do you have a picture?
- I have like 1,000,
but they're on my phone,
and I don't have it.
Oh. Why not?
Because I'm trying to set a
good example for my kids
by not relying on phones.
You know what, that's a good point.
I've been spending too
much time on my phone.
And if it's not my phone,
it's my TV or my iPad,
and then, there's the computer.
Oh, and do you know about these watches?
I don't have time for this.
Hey, you started talking to me, lady!
Try one on!
Nah, I'm good.
Here.
Perfect.
You look like Sadness from "Inside Out."
We should do matching fake eyelashes!
God, I hope Mom's cheating
and using her phone
so I can get a new one.
Can you stop worrying about
your phone for 10 minutes?
You should hope she's cheating, too,
- so you get one, as well.
- I don't want one.
Then why do you keep stealing mine?
I wasn't stealing it
because I wanted a phone!
You are so stupid!
The only reason I'm stupid today
is because I don't have a
phone to be smart for me!
Hey.
Have you come to apologize?
No. But after consideration
and some counsel,
I made a decision.
If you don't buy that stock for me,
I'm gonna be forced to
take you and Mom to court
to get myself emancipated.
Emanci...
Do the opposite.
Emancipated. I see.
I'm afraid you've left me no choice.
Okey dokey.
- That's it?
- Yes Siree Bob.
I guess I'll see you in court, then.
Not if I see you first.
Here's the cake.
Let me box it for you.
So, unfortunately, my wallet
is locked in the car,
and my daughter has the keys.
- Can't you call her?
- No. I can't.
I don't have a phone.
Oh, right, right.
Ooh, maybe you could
shoot her an e-mail.
Again, I can't, Bernice,
because I don't have...
I see what you're doing.
Welcome to Bernice's Cakes.
This is my house!
Bernice, could you just
give me a break, here?
If I don't get this cake to a
baby shower in 10 minutes,
I could lose my job.
If I give this cake
away without proper ID,
I could lose my job!
You own the place!
- You'd be firing yourself!
- It's company policy!
Excuse me.
Bernice's Cakes. Bernice speaking.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, stop!
It's a girl!
Mm-hmm.
What's going on?
You never want to hang out.
You're so busy on your phone,
giving likes to everyone but me.
- I like you.
- You don't act like it.
That's why I steal your phone.
It's the only way you'll
give me any attention.
I'm 17. You're 9.
So, I'm...
Eight...
... eight years older than you.
We're just at different stages
of our lives right now.
But we're sisters.
Eight years is nothing
when you think we'll be
together our whole lives.
We're going to go on
cruises together with Mom
after Dad dies.
I never meant to make you
feel like I didn't like you.
And I promise, I'll look up
from my phone more often,
and spend more time with you.
There you two are!
What happened to you?
I need to take a picture of this.
Damn it!
Mom, give me your phone.
_
So, Ollie boy, you're getting married.
Let's talk prenup.
I remember when I got married
for the second time.
Gabby. We met at a nightclub.
I owned the club, but
she owned my heart...
and half my stuff after the divorce.
Wait, Gabby was my third wife.
Who the hell was my second wife?
My dad seems fine with
me being emancipated.
If you were here, you'd
tell me how to play this,
and then laugh for no reason.
You sure you want to go through with
this whole emancipation thing?
I guess.
You never let anyone stand in the way
of getting what you wanted in life.
That's true. But then again,
maybe I'm not the best example.
You'll notice these tapes are all about
how to get yourself out
of bad situations.
This one is you telling me
how you kept your wife and mistress
from finding out about your girlfriend.
Maybe... Maybe it's best
if you don't get yourself
into these situations
to begin with.
You know, I think that's, uh...
what your father's trying to tell you.
But this could be my big break.
You'll have plenty of big breaks,
but you only have one father.
You should be in no hurry
to get rid of him.
Remember what I used to tell you?
You're a good person.
And the first step in
being a good person
is knowing when you're wrong.
And the next step
is rewarding yourself for doing right
with a nice, crisp, nudie mag.
I wish you were here.
You and me both, kiddo.
You and me both.
I'm here! I'm here.
I had a little trouble with
my order at Bernice's Cakes.
They should call it
"Bernice's Attitude,"
because that's all she offers.
She did this to me.
Then, I had to drive to the
other bakery on the Post Road.
We would've called ahead,
but she was trying to teach us a lesson.
- Totally backfired.
- But I'm here!
Just in time.
Mrs. Otto, did nobody call you?
The baby shower was canceled.
The mother woke up with a bad cold.
Gosh, if only you'd had your phone,
you wouldn't be wearing a
cake that nobody wanted.
Do you have a back office or something,
where someone can discretely
beat their child?
Of course. Right this way.
Oliver.
I'm sorry for how I
spoke to you earlier,
and for threatening to emancipate.
The truth is, I realized I'm lucky
to have a rule-following
father looking out for me.
That's nice of you to say.
Even if it makes it harder for
me to crawl out of the belly
of the lower class.
- Getting less nice.
- I want you to know
that I'm still gonna
be super rich one day.
I'm just gonna do it in a
way that makes you proud.
I'm happy to hear that.
Oh.
I also found a Spencer tape titled
"What To Do With Your Pet
Tiger Once It's Grown Up".
I think it'd be useful for you with Mom.
A lot of it applies.
Five-card draw. Play is to you.
Go fish!
Those eight years between us
really don't make that
much of a difference.
That's it! It totally sucked,
but I made it through
the rest of the day
without using my phone.
Now, Anna-Kat can never ask
again about getting a phone
until I decide it's time.
- Fine by me.
- And, Taylor,
you're not getting a new phone.
Fine by me.
I see what's going on.
You're trying to confuse me,
but it's not gonna work.
I'm on to you.
- Uh-huh.
- Okay.
Ooh, you guys are good.
Could you please leave?
We're having sister time.
Isn't that what you wanted?
Yeah, but it's weird.
If you're not upset and screaming at me,
it doesn't feel like I've won.
I led by example, and somehow it worked.
Nobody wants a phone anymore,
and the girls are
spending time together.
- Oh. Good for you.
- Is it?
If I have to lead by
example all the time,
it's gonna be a nightmare.
No more complimentary bags of
Doritos at the supermarket.
Well, I stopped leading by example
and got a positive result.
I washed my hands of Oliver,
and he came crawling back.
Now, he says he wants
to be a better person.
So, what are we saying?
I guess there's no one way to parent.
And...
And you can do whatever you
want at the supermarket.
Oh, thank God.
Can I still help myself
to teeth whitening strips
- while I'm shopping?
- You do that?
No. Never.
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org